A NETFLIX SERIES
It's a fucking mess.
Shit happens.
Okay.
Here.
I never should have left him.
This is all your fault.
I understand.
I'll text the time and place
for the swap.
Why are you calling me?
I'm the one who's gonna
bring your slut back.
Bring the coke
and the chick who robbed me too.
Mm. No, she's staying.
She doesn't need to come with me.
You'll bring her. Now listen to me.
If you bring any of your men,
then your niece gets a bullet to the head.
Your uncle is good.
You're gonna get to go home,
thanks to him.
You…
You're gonna tell me what you know.
All right, where are you hiding at?
Ah, there you are.
Rest assured, everything looks good.
You must be just shy of 12 weeks.
A bit further along than you thought.
Would you like to know the sex?
I would.
I'm pretty sure it's a girl.
I have a strong heartbeat here.
Want to hear it?
Okay.
Sofia…
I can't believe how much
you look like your mother.
You're just as beautiful as she was.
I never ask you about the past…
but you told me she was pregnant when
she and my father were in that accident.
She wasn't showing but… but yes, she was.
If it had been God's will,
you'd have a baby sister.
Do you know if they had a name picked?
Nellia.
It's a nice name.
Anyway, have you decided?
I can manage money fine…
but I don't know how to make it.
Well, if that's your only concern
about this,
you don't have to worry so much.
I won't leave your side
until you've learned.
Does that mean you'll do it?
Of course.
Motherfucker.
All right, let's go.
On your knees. You too.
On your knees!
The coke's back there in the van.
Tell them to release my niece.
Fucking bitch.
Yeah, it's here.
You know what?
You're dead.
Let's go!
Put your gun--
Shh…
What's your name?
Kévin.
Kévin, take this back to your boss, okay?
And tell him exactly how this went down.
-Okay?
-Okay.
Get out of here.
-What's your name?
-Kévin.
You all right?
Shit!
Shaïnez…
I put some fresh clothes back there
for you if you want to change.
Thank you.
-See you in a bit.
-Take care.
Modi's sister called.
-He's in the hospital.
-What?
He's still alive!
Did the cops bring him there?
No, a taxi found him on the road.
He was, like, five miles from the docks.
How did he get to the hospital?
They don't know. The cops don't even know
he was at the docks.
They just think he got attacked
where they found him.
Sit down.
Smile.
We're together, okay?
I'll go check on Modi.
Can you believe he's in the hospital?
Do you have an appointment?
Go see your father.
He wants to talk about
what happened at the docks.
What are you talking about?
You told me that I could trust you.
You said that you would handle Saber.
You know what that son of a bitch
just took from me? 300 keys of coke.
Don't you ever point a gun at me!
You hear me?
Then you better bring me back my coke.
And tell Saber we didn't miss him earlier.
That was just a warning.
Go ahead. Insult me.
What are you waiting for? Go ahead.
Tell me how disappointed you are.
How could I be disappointed?
Any hopes I had for you
were diminished long ago, Saber.
You know what the hardest part is for me?
I wish I didn't care what you do,
didn't care about what you are,
but I can't somehow.
I can't help
but feel ashamed of you, Saber.
I am ashamed to be your father.
I'll never understand
how you could be my son.
I'll have to clean up your mess
once again.
You're going to give me the coke
you stole from Chris,
and from now on,
if you have anything to tell me,
you'll be going through Sofia.
I don't ever want to see you again.
There's something I need to know.
Did you ever love me?
-Where will you go?
-A suburb in Paris.
A cousin of mine is moving in with
her boyfriend, so her apartment's empty.
She's letting me rent it.
Is there enough room for Milhan?
He'll have his own bedroom.
I'm gonna stay on the couch.
You know what kills me?
I always knew we'd end up like this.
Coralie, look at me.
This wasn't your fault.
This was Saber's fault.
I know.
I blame him for everything.
But please don't hate him
for what I told you.
He won't say it, but he loves you, Sofia.
He loves you more than anyone.
That's why he hid it from you…
about your parents.
I'm pregnant.
Mommy.
Sweetie, can you stay with Grandma?
Come on, honey. Let's leave Mommy alone.
It's a little girl.
-What are you gonna do?
-I'm having her.
But first I'm getting rid of Hassan.
I won't let her grow up
in a world with that monster.
If he finds out about this,
you know he'll kill you, right?
Remember Chris?
Saber stole his 300 kilos of coke.
I'll convince Chris that Hassan took it.
And once I do, he'll kill him for it.
Don't worry about me.
-We did a good job, man. Hey, did good.
-See you. Take care, man.
Yeah.
Hey, guys.
See you. You guys be careful, okay?
-Sure, we will.
-Bye.
-Thanks.
-Yeah.
Don't worry about it.
Your family is my family.
Thanks, man.
You won't miss this?
What's that?
Hanging with me.
Take care of yourself.
And take care of Modi, okay?
I promise.
Hey, I never want
to hear from you again, okay?
Done.
No, that's fine.
Danique will take care of that.
Yeah, that would be fine.
Fine, thank you.
See you soon, my friend.
Do you know what your cousin
did yesterday morning?
No.
He went after Chris.
He stole a fourth shipment of cocaine
at the docks.
It's from our friend in Narcotics.
He identified a girl
who took part in the robbery.
What does all this mean?
Saber was robbed a few days ago.
Eight keys of coke.
This girl was one of the kids
who stole it.
He kidnapped the other
and forced her uncle to hit Chris
to get her back.
The second girl helped steal Chris's coke.
She is the one our friend identified.
Chris made one of the kids talk.
He's in the hospital.
But Chris hasn't made the connection.
For now, they only know
it was a settling of scores.
My idiot son told me everything.
-Where is he?
-Chris already tried to take him out.
He's alive.
And Chris's cocaine?
I asked Danique to go and get it back.
I'll return it all to Chris.
And I'll negotiate
some form of compensation.
What's on your mind?
Returning it could look like
we were culpable.
What do you suggest?
We don't return it.
We deny it all.
We send Saber to Morocco until things
calm down and wipe out any links to us.
Without any proof,
he'll stop accusing us eventually.
That means we would
have to take the kids out too.
And the coke, what happens to it?
We sell it.
In France, for half the price.
It will be done tomorrow.
You want me to see to it?
Are you sure?
Yes, I am.
All right, you deal with Chris,
I'll handle the kids.
Hello, Saber.
Your… your father sent me.
What's this about?
I'm supposed to give you a ticket.
What does that mean?
It's a plane ticket for Casablanca.
Your father wants you
on the first flight out tonight.
What am I gonna do in Casablanca?
I'll take you to the airport.
Brussels and Antwerp are home.
So I'm staying.
-Should I inform your father?
-I'll do it myself.
Hey…
You want something to eat?
Sure.
That'd be nice.
What do you want?
The same as you.
The same.
Hello?
You got the shipment?
Yes.
Where is it now?
Listen carefully.
My uncle asked me to handle this mess.
I'll text you the address,
and you'll deliver it there.
You understand?
Yeah, understood.
Can I get my phone now?
No, I need it.
Mom, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Forgive me.
I was just so afraid.
I thought I might lose her.
I shouldn't have.
It's no problem.
All that matters is she's back now.
No, it is a problem.
I never should have said
that this was all your fault.
you're the reason that Ilyes died.
No, Anissa.
Just let it be.
No, Mehdi, listen to me.
We both lost him, okay?
I never should have treated you like that.
Thank you.
Excuse me.
You got what you wanted.
If you ever go after my family again,
I'll kill you.
That's my son
you are threatening.
That isn't a threat, it's a warning.
If he tries again, I'll kill him.
Right, I got that.
Tell me, though, please.
How can I make it up to you?
I can't repair
the damage that's been done,
but at the very least
I can offer an apology.
We don't want anything.
Just leave us alone.
Very well.
In that case, we'll leave you alone.
Tell me this… where is she?
Where is who?
The girl who hijacked the trucks
that were leaving the docks.
What do you want with her?
Narcotics has apparently
managed to identify her.
I don't know where she is.
Please don't lie to me.
Neither of us can run the risk
of letting her get arrested.
I don't know where she is.
I see. In that case,
I'll find her myself,
just like that kid in the hospital.
I'm sorry.
It wasn't your fault.
So where's my coke?
Seems my uncle has it.
I thought he'd return it all to you,
but he decided to hold onto it.
Why would he do that?
If he were to give the coke back,
it would be admitting that Saber did it.
And we both know he wouldn't do that.
We're gonna be rich.
You douche.
Even with that thing up your nose,
you're still talking shit.
With everything we just learned,
we're gonna be great robbers.
I can already see myself in Phuket.
-Blunt in my mouth…
-And in a bathing suit, in the sunshine.
So I'm just gonna give up
300 keys of coke? Is that it?
No, I'm going to see that you get it back.
Just give me time to convince him.
And what if you can't?
Then you can sort it out it with him.
You could fight, start a war…
But it'll be between the two of you.
Look, I know that Saber's behind it.
That prick was low enough
to make a bunch of kids do it.
I caught one of them.
Want any water?
-Yeah.
-Yeah?
And now where is he?
The hospital.
I don't kill kids.
No…
You don't have any proof. No witnesses.
What are you doing? Hey!
-Calm down!
-Let go! Let go of me!
I'm gonna kill that bitch!
Let me go! Let me go!
Calm down!
Hurry, come on. Behind me.
And now Modi's dead!
And we aren't doing anything about it!
We can't do anything.
They want to kill you too.
I don't give a shit!
I don't care anymore. I mean it!
I don't care. Let them do it!
What the hell?
You think you're capable
of murdering someone?
I thought you didn't know where she was.
Bring her to me.
Bring me that girl now,
or your family will pay.
Do you think Mehdi
is really upset with us?
No, don't worry about that.
It's all over now.
Please leave a message
after the beep.
Anissa, it's me. Don't leave
the house. I'll be right there.
Stay here, don't go anywhere,
and don't contact anyone until I get back.
It's disgusting.
It's disgusting, but you'll be safe.
You're pissing me off.
Whose bike is that?
Mom, drive! Drive, Mom! Go, go!
What's going on? You know?
Just drive, Mom! Hurry!
Hurry up, Mom! Drive!
Go, go, go, go!
Don't move.
Area's secure.
[officer[ Let's get a move on.